An object is a variable for multiple
like
pieces of information like X
can be stored and Y as well.
400 because that's the center. You can
store multiple things. You could
store a
function.
You could go move
function. move
x, move y.
And then, uh yeah; we go
enter. No.
This. What's great is that when you
reference the same object, you can just
go this dot something
like (it's this). The Players
X
That so you can go
M y
And then
You could go
oh wait you always have to put a
semicolon and not a
semicolon in between each one oh wait
draw dot fill
style equals green
draw dot
fill rect
is this dot x
minus 20
this dot y minus 20,
then 40,
40. So that will make a rectangle,
a 40 by 40 rectangle that is
centered.
And then so that
will make an object known as the player
that has a property of x, y, move
and render. You could add like
other stuff.
you could add like an inventory that is
like thing but I'll just keep it to this
for now and